Update README.md with references to issue template (#253)
Shopify/product-taxonomy: README.md

You can think of this repository serving 3 primary users:

1. **Integrators**: Those who integrate the taxonomy into other systems. You want **stable distribution files**.

> 2. **Taxonomists**: Those who want to evolve the taxonomy itself. You can work directly with the **source-of-truth data files** or create an issue from a template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Taxonomists**: Those who want to evolve the taxonomy itself. Submit a change request or work directly with the **source-of-truth data files** themselves.
```

Author: Yes, this looks better!

> Everything comes from the source-of-truth files in [`data/`](./data).

Reviewer: I think we shuffle this to lead with the issue template:

```md
Submit a [taxonomy tree change request](https://github.com/Shopify/product-taxonomy/issues/new?labels=taxonomy-tree-requests&projects=&template=taxonomy-tree-requests.yml&title=%5BTaxonomy+Tree%5D%3A+) to give us insight and evolve the taxonomy. This is the simplest way to affect change. 

Alternatively, you may submit PRs directly yourself against the source-of-truth files in [`data/`](./data).

If you make changes to any files in data...
```
